# restaurant-management-system-
Modules of Restaurant Management Services Staff Management Login Admin Stock Control Transactions Reservations Cable management Menu Management Staff Management of Restaurant Management Services: In this module, the admin will manage the staff. If we want to track every employee of the restaurant, we need to maintain his/her record. This module will contain the following points which are as follow: Staff Attendance of Restaurant Management Services: Admin will keep the record of each employee so that, deduction from their salary can be done easily. By looking at the attendance, we can know which employee is more consistent. We can also provide a bonus to the employees by referring their attendance. Staff Salary of Restaurant Management Services: Here admin will keep the track of the salaries of the employees. Salary is one of the important parts of the employee so it should be according to their timings and position. In our system, we manage the salary of every individual with respect to their position and working hours. Staff Holidays of Restaurant Management Services: If some employee wants a holiday or wants to apply for leave, they can do by this module. Firstly, we will check whether we have sufficient employees in our restaurant or not if yes, then we will grant the leave application of employees otherwise not. Admin Login of Restaurant Management Services: In this module, the admin will maintain and handle the full Restaurant management system.
